static content creation for all the 114 species (#145)
EnsemblGenomes/ensembl-static: plants/species/Sphenostylis/Sphenostylis_stenocarpa/Sphenostylis_stenocarpa_annotation.md

**Annotation**
----------

ensembl-plants displaying genes imported from GenBank entry linked to the assembly with accession [GCA\_963425845.1](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/data/view/GCA_963425845.1).

> Genomic annotation was deposited along with initial assembly submission by ["International Livestock Research Institute"](URL_GOES_HERE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Genomic annotation was deposited along with initial assembly submission by ["International Livestock Research Institute"](https://www.ilri.org).
```
